>> Mike North: So I've got something here.
These are tools that are typically
used by the whole range of hackers.
You can use these for good or for evil.
What I've got here is a tool called BeEF,
they call it a cross
side scripting framework.
Where you basically,
when you start it up, we'll see if
I can actually get this working.
You may have to use your imagination here.
So I start it up, and it basically says,
okay well this is where
I"m hosting the script.
I'm hosting it locally and
hook JS is the name of the file
that we're serving up on port 3000.
>> Mike North: Okay,
so now I've got this running.
And I'm gonna use a second
tool called MITMF.
That's Man in the Middle Framework.
I need my IP address, so I'm just gonna
show you the visual way to look at that.
We can look at our network settings.
I've got 192.168.3.239.
And I've got a command that's
already prepared here.
I'm just gonna check my laptop's IP,
if it's still what it was when we started,
and it is.
And I'm just gonna update
my IP address here, 239.
Okay, so effectively what
this code is doing here is,
I'm running the man in
the middle framework.
I'm launching an ARP spoofing attack.
Don't worry about the particulars
of what that means,
this goes beyond what web app
developers need to know about.
You need to know what this does,
not how it works.
I am providing a gateway and a target.
And all you need to know about this ARP
spoofing is, essentially I'm interfering
with the connection between an individual
client on this Wi-Fi network, and
the router.
And I am making it so
that this Linux Virtual Machine
seems to look like
the router to my laptop.
So I'm using the Virtual Machine
to hack my laptop.
The reason that this might
not work is cuz it's
all sharing the same Internet connection.
So we will see if the VM can
still operate the way it should.
All right, and then finally,
I am adding this attack here.
So I launched the ARP attack, and
then you have to say now what
do you wanna do about it?
Now that you're the router,
what should we do?
We want to inject a piece of
JavaScript into the page.
Anytime there's a plain HTTP connection,
we will inject a little script that is
coming from this BeEF tool over here.
So I'm going to run this,
Man in the Middle Framework will start.
And I'm gonna actually go to,
I'm going to pick on my
beloved alma mater,
Carnegie Mellon University.
Plain HTTP connection, and
you can see that we've got
a bunch of stuff happening here.
It looks like I was downloading
fonts.gstatic.com, googlemanager, right?
These are all the requests that went out.
Well, look at this.
There's a strict transport
security header that came through,
and It says it zapped it.
So this was a security precaution
that this app tried to take,
which would have prevent
cross-site scripting from working.
But this thing took care of it.
It got rid of it before
it reached my browser.
And now what I've got here
is I've got a little page
that looks like doubleclick.net.
I managed to get a script
injected through doubleclick.net.
Now we can go to this commands tab, and
I have a variety of things that we can do.
Let's see if we can do
something funny here.
So, you see, I can detect server light,
see if this user has LastPass installed.
There's one that's funny
if I could find it here.
Cross-site scripting.
So these are known exploits where we can
take advantage of certain things that
are in routers.
>> Mike North: If you go to,
we can get the HTML of the current page.
I can show you what that looks like.
>> Mike North: So
that's the current page right now.
It's just a little iframe or something
like that cuz this is just an ad tracker.
>> Mike North: What if we did this,
redirect the browser to Rick Roll.
Execute the attack.
>> Mike North: Did
that work?
>> Speaker 2: You can hear
it.
>> Mike North: You can hear it
really softly.
It's happening.
See that little?
This tab is playing audio.
So right now,
I haven't totally compromised anything.
This is a pretty benign
attack I've launched here.
But now, there's a tiny little
hidden iframe somewhere in this
page that's playing,
never gonna give you up.
[LAUGH] And unless you know that you
can like right click on this and
mute the tab, this is frustrating for
a user, right?
Now you could do far more malicious stuff,
you could execute
requests on their behalf.
But I just Man-in-the-Middled myself,
I just threw a virtual machine, with
tools that are designed for testing apps.
I was able to inject the script in between
this site and a plain HTTP connection.
Didn't have to get this computer
to join a new Wi-Fi network,
I just use something called ARP spoofing.
So, this is why we've gotta use HTTPS,
this was pretty trivial for me to do.
Please, go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: So you started with the ARP
spoof was to get the double-click hook.js,
is that where you started?
>> Mike North: So the two tools involved,
there's BeEF, which basically has
a generic script you can insert,
and then it'll open up
a socket to that target.
And you can run arbitrary
commands on that.
It's just very well orchestrated XSS.
Man in the Middle Framework
with ARP spoofing.
That is what actually got
that script into the page.
All beef does is it manages
that script really well.
Man in the Middle Framework is what
you use to to actually get that
into the page.
>> Speaker 2: And, so
what I'm just asking is,
was the browser going after
the double click JavaScript that
the Man in the Middle attack hijacked?
>> Mike North: Yes, so that was a plain
HTML request, and it was basically going
through my virtual machine at that point.
And as it was coming back, we basically
added our little script tag in there, and
then let it go to the browser.
And now we're in and
I just want you to see that,
cross-site scripting is not
a matter of you have to design this
intricate script and
find a vulnerability in a web application.
There are tools with
menus of attacks here.
Some of these,
you can see which social networks the user
has logged in to by seeing if you can
make requests to various domains.
And whether they'll come back, or
whether they'll say you got a 401.
You can, in cases where the user has
flash enabled, turn on the users web-cam.
Which is, that's pretty terrifying.
So here, I'm not authenticated to Gmail,
I am authenticated to Twitter,
I am not authenticated to Facebook,
and that's true.
That's accurate.
So it's able to get some information
based on the ability to make requests.
Even though it can't see the response,
it can know whether that succeeded or not.
So, when I say it's easy to launch
attacks, I mean there's a GUI for it.
And right-click menus,
and tables, and plug-ins.
Yes?
>> Speaker 3: A thing that's relevant for
front end developers to know,
is that there's 16 under PhoneGap.
PhoneGap also encompasses Ionic and
Cordova and
is a thing that renders
JavaScript apps into native apps.
It's horrendously vulnerable as indicated
by the fact that there are 16 things here.
And it's an important thing to know about,
is that the thing that you work with.
>> Mike North: Great point there.
One thing that makes, sorry, let me
get PhoneGap back on the screen here.
One thing that makes PhoneGap particularly
vulnerable and, so just to be clear,
it is Ionic.
Ionic is highly optimized PhoneGap.
If you're using, what's the other one?
>> Speaker 3: Cordova.
>> Mike North: Cordova and
PhoneGap are the same thing,
there's a third one I'm forgetting.
React Native doesn't necessarily
fit into this category, right?
Anything that is taking JavaScript and
transforming it into native code.
That's not what we're talking about here.
We're talking about
essentially a UI web view,
a big iframe that your app is running in.
The big thing that makes this a little
bit, where extra due diligence is required
is, you get JavaScript bindings
into native functionality.
So you break through the typical sandbox
container that a web application
would run into and you can access
files off of that user's device.
Or the mobile equivalent of files, right?
So it's not, where usually you're
saying well a web app can't do that.
In PhoneGap, often times it can,
depending on which plugins are installed.
Great point.
If you think of anything else like that,
please interject.
Alright, so
that's my cross-site scripting demo.
What you should take away from that is
it's horrifyingly easy for me to do that.
I did it while talking to you.
I was able to pretty reliably do it.
I did it from one machine to another while
they were sharing an Internet connection.
I could have done it to anyone else in
the room if you're accessing a plain
HTTP domain.